DOCS-11426 async-synch-aggregations-kt (#1572)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: aggregators/1.0/modules/ROOT/pages/aggregators-cluster.adoc

> = Considerations for Using Aggregators in a Cluster

Reviewer: In general, try to avoid using "Considerations" to begin a title. It is pretty vague, and it is often used by writers who want to lump a bunch of unrelated information in a "catch all" topic.
In this case, I think what you have to say is much more important than a consideration; it is actually a requirement:
```suggestion
= Requirement for Using Aggregators in a Cluster
```
or
```suggestion
= Required Configuration for Using Aggregators in a Cluster
```

Reviewer: This seems like a very specific issue to be documented at Level 1; does it really belong in a larger topic about using aggregators in a cluster, or the topic about using aggregates not in a cluster?
If this is the ONLY text about using aggregators in a cluster, then maybe that should be the title: 
```suggestion
= Using Aggregators in a Cluster
```

> [IMPORTANT]

Reviewer: It's best to avoid beginning a topic with a notation. This one sounds like it belongs after you describe the requirement to configure the frequency of checks for new aggregations.

> Aggregators don’t work with multiple workers and a persistent object store because clustering is not available in CloudHub. For details on how workers can be shared or doubled to scale your application and provide high availability, see the xref:runtime-manager::cloudhub-fabric.adoc[CloudHub Fabric] documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aggregators don’t work with multiple workers and a persistent object store, because clustering is not available in CloudHub. To learn how you can either share or double workers to scale your application and provide high availability, see the xref:runtime-manager::cloudhub-fabric.adoc[CloudHub Fabric] documentation.
```

> Aggregators Module works in a cluster out-of-the-box environment. However, to prevent an unexpected behavior consider the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although Aggregators Module works in a cluster out-of-the-box environment, proper aggregation scheduling is crucial. 
```

Reviewer: The rest of this explanation is confusing; I wonder if we can shorten it to something like....
```suggestion
Although Aggregators Module works in a cluster out-of-the-box environment, it is important for you to configure the frequency at which the primary node checks all the other nodes for new aggregations to schedule, to prevent that frequency from conflicting with the aggregation timeout. For example, ....

When an asynchronous aggregation is defined and the first element arrives, it is scheduled in the primary node of the cluster.

> Because new values can arrive in any node of the cluster, notify and make the primary node schedule that aggregation. To do that, another task in the primary node periodically determines whether it is necessary to schedule a new aggregation or not. This can lead to a problem if the interval between checks for new aggregation scheduling is much longer than the actual timeout of the aggregation, because the aggregation could be over before it is scheduled, or there might be errors in the time computation.

Reviewer: The second sentence is missing something.
And the narrative/chronology here is unclear, at least to me.
It seems that we are saying that in a cluster, the primary node is responsible for scheduling aggregations, but because new data can arrive at any node in the cluster, it must periodically scan all nodes for that new data to aggregate, and if those scans are too infrequent, the aggregation might time out before all the data can be collected.
I also don't understand the part about errors in time computation...which seems to be different words for the same thing, a mismatch between the frequency of data scanning and the scheduled aggregation timeout.

To avoid this issue, configure the frequency at which the primary node checks for new aggregations to schedule. Define this value using either:

* The global configuration property `mule.aggregatorsSchedulingPeriod` (in milliseconds)
* The system property `-M-Dmule.aggregatorsSchedulingPeriod`

> For further information on how to configure global or system properties, see the xref:mule-runtime::configuring-properties.adoc[configuring properties] documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For further information about how to configure global or system properties, see the xref:mule-runtime::configuring-properties.adoc[configuring properties] documentation.
```
